Moving the server-docker repository to the server repository and enabling image building from the current version of the application code (#48)
getferdi/server: README.md

	    getferdi/ferdi-server	    
    ```

>     Alternatively, you can also use docker-compose v2 schemas. An example can be found in [./docker/docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/getferdi/server/tree/master/docker/docker-compose.yml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can also use docker-compose v2 schema. An example can be found [in the docker folder](./docker/docker-compose.yml) file.
```

Author: Fixed in [https://github.com/getferdi/server/commit/0a3ce5a9e37dd917cfabdf97fdc18a41d88c65eb](https://github.com/getferdi/server/commit/0a3ce5a9e37dd917cfabdf97fdc18a41d88c65eb)

3. Optionally, you can now [set up Nginx as a reverse proxy](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-node-js-application-for-production-on-ubuntu-16-04#set-up-nginx-as-a-reverse-proxy-server).

> For more information on configuring the Docker image, please read [./docker/README.md](https://github.com/getferdi/server/tree/master/docker/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring the Docker image, please read [the ferdi docker documentation](./docker/README.md).
```

Author: Fixed in [https://github.com/getferdi/server/commit/0a3ce5a9e37dd917cfabdf97fdc18a41d88c65eb](https://github.com/getferdi/server/commit/0a3ce5a9e37dd917cfabdf97fdc18a41d88c65eb)
